Add use cases for DeveloperGuide (#82)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

### Use cases

(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `ContaX` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

**Use case: List persons**

**MSS**

1. User requests to list persons
2. ContaX shows a list of persons

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. The list is empty

>   Use case ends. 

Reviewer: This portion can be removed, because the extension does not change the fact that the use case ends (as opposed to shorting the use case for subsequent cases).

Author: Fixed.

**Use case: Add a person**

**MSS**

1. User requests to add a person
2. ContaX adds the person

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. The command given is in an invalid format

    * 1a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

    * Use case ends.

> * 1b. The parameter given is in an invalid format

Reviewer: A small phrasing suggestion.
```suggestion
* 1b. A parameter given is in an invalid format
```

Author: Noted fixed.

3.  User requests to delete a specific person in the list
4.  ContaX deletes the person

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The list is empty

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The command given is in an invalid format

    * 3a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

    * Use case resumes at step 2.

**Use case: Edit a person**

**MSS**

1. User requests to list persons
2. ContaX shows a list of persons
3. User requests to modify a specific person and enters new values
4. ContaX edits the person accordingly

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The list is empty.

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The command given is in an invalid format

    * 3a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

    * Use case resumes at step 2.

* 3b. The parameter given is in an invalid format

    * 1b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given parameter is of invalid format. 

    * Use case resumes at step 2. 

**Use case: List appointments**

**MSS**

1. User requests to list appointments
2. ContaX shows a list of appointments

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. The list is empty

>   Use case ends. 

Reviewer: Likewise, no need for extension here.

Author: Fixed.

**Use case: Add an appointment**

**MSS**

1. User requests to add an appointment
2. ContaX adds the appointment

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. The command given is in an invalid format

    * 1a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

    * Use case ends.

> * 1b. The parameter given is in an invalid format

Reviewer: Small phrasing suggestion.
```suggestion
* 1b. A parameter given is in an invalid format
```

    * 1b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given parameter is of invalid format. 

    * Use case ends. 

> * 1c. The appointment already exists
> 
>     * 1c1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the appointment already exists.
> 
>     * Use case ends. 

Reviewer: I suggest a logic change here.
```suggestion
* 1c. The appointment timing overlaps with another appointment

    * 1c1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the appointment cannot be created due to overlaps.

    * Use case ends. 
```

Author: Great suggestion! Updated accordingly

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The given index is out of range

    * 3a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given index is invalid.

    * Use case resumes at step 2.

> * 3b. The given index is of invalid format
> 
>     * 3b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.
> 
>     * Use case resumes at step 2.

Reviewer: I think can do
```suggestion
* a. The command given is in an invalid format.

    * 3b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

    * Use case resumes at the step before.
```

Author: Fixed sentence structure.
Use case resume will specify the MSS step number.

**Use case: Edit a person**

**MSS**
1. User requests to list persons
2. ContaX shows a list of persons
3. User requests to modify a specific person by specifying the corresponding index and parameter flags followed by the new values to change to
4. ContaX edits the person accordingly

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The list is empty.

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The given index is out of range

    * 3a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given index is invalid.

    * Use case resumes at step 2.

* 3b. The given index is of invalid format

    * 3b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

>     * Use case resumes at step 2.

Reviewer: Similar to my comment above, I think this can be generalized to invalid command syntax.

Author: Noted fixed.

> * 3c. The phone tag is specified and the given phone is of incorrect format

Reviewer: We should standardize the language here.

```suggestion
* 3c. The phone parameter is specified and the given phone number is of an incorrect format
```

Author: Noted. Will standardize to parameter

   
    * 3c1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given phone number is of invalid format. 

    * Use case resumes at step 2.

*  3d. The email flag is specified and the given email is of incorrect format

    * 3c1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given email is of invalid format.

    * Use case resumes at step 2.

> *  3e. The tag flag is specified and it is not followed by any tag name

Reviewer: Likewise, we should standardize the language. Either use `flag` or `parameter`, I think either is fine but not both used interchangeably.

Author: Fixed. Updated to parameter.

   
    * 3e1. ContaX removes all the person's tags.

    * Use case ends.

> **Use case: Delete a appointment**

Reviewer: Grammatical Error.
```suggestion
**Use case: Delete an appointment**
```

Author: Noted and fixed.

**MSS**

1.  User requests to list appointments
2.  ContaX shows a list of appointments
3.  User requests to delete a specific appointments in the list
4.  ContaX deletes the appointment

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The list is empty.

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The given index is out of range

    * 3a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given index is invalid.

    * Use case resumes at step 2.

* 3b. The given index is of invalid format

    * 3b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

>     * Use case resumes at step 2.

Reviewer: Similarly, we can generalize to command syntax error.

Author: Fixed

**Use case: Edit a appointment**

**MSS**
1. User requests to list appointments
2. ContaX shows a list of appointments

> 3. User requests to modify a specific appointment by specifying the corresponding index and parameter flags followed by the new values to change to

Reviewer 2: line is a bit long maybe can be something like this
```suggestion
3. User requests to modify a specific appointment using corresponding index and parameter flags, followed by the edited values
```

Author: Fixed.

4. ContaX edits the appointment.

**Extensions**

* 1a. User specifies a starting time and ending time

    * 1a1. ContaX lists all appointments that fall between the given dates    

>     * Use case resumes at step 3. 

Reviewer: I think this is not necessary.

Author: Good suggestion. Removed accordingly.

* 1b. User specifies a starting time and ending time with a incorrect format

   * 1b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given time is invalid.

>    * Use case ends.

Reviewer: Likewise, I think we can just do list everything.

Author: Fixed

* 2a. The list is empty.

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The given index is out of range

    * 3a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given index is invalid.

    * Use case resumes at step 2.

* 3b. The given index is of invalid format

    * 3b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

>     * Use case resumes at step 2.

Reviewer: Similarly, I feel that we can generalize to command syntax error.

Author: Fixed

> **Use case: Export data file**

Reviewer: Suggestion for clearer intent.
```suggestion
**Use case: Export address book**
```

Author: Fixed

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to export data file for ContaX 

Reviewer: This suggestion follows from the suggestion above
```suggestion
1. User requests to export address book as file for ContaX 
```

Author: Fixed

> 2. ContaX generates CSV file according to the format of ContaX

Reviewer: Suggestion for a clearer action description.
```suggestion
2. ContaX saves a CSV file to the disk according to the format requested by the user ContaX
```

Author: Fixed accordingly

   Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. User requests to export data file for Google Contacts
   
    * ContaX generates CSV file according to the format of Google Contacts

    * Use case ends.

* 1b. User requests to export data file for Microsoft Outlook 

>     * ContaX generates CSV file accroding to the format of Microsfot Outlook

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * ContaX generates CSV file according to the format of Microsoft Outlook Contacts
```

spelling error

Author: Fixed.

   
    * Use case ends.

**Use Case: Import data file**

> 1. User requests to import a data file by clicking the `Import` button

Reviewer: Missing MSS header here.

Author: Fixed

2. ContactX imports the data file

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. User requests to import data using the importcsv command

>     * Use case resumes at step 2.

Reviewer: I feel that we should separate CSV import and data import. For now, this use case should target import CSV files.

Author: Noted. Updated use case to be target CSV files only.

**Use case: User requests to perform a batch command**

**MSS**
1. User requests to perform a batch command which includes a condition
2. ContaX executes the command based on the given condition
    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. The given condition is of invalid format

    * 1a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the condition is of invalid format.

    * Use case ends. 

* 1b. There are no list/ appointments that matches the given condition
    
    * Use case ends. 

**Use case: User requests to perform a command on a specified range**

**MSS**
1. User requests to perform a command to a specified range
2. ContaX executes the command based on the given range
    Use case ends.

**Extensions**
* 1a. The given range is of invalid format
   
    * 1a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the range provided is of invalid format.

    * Use case ends. 

* 1b. The given starting index is larger than the ending index

    * 1b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the range provided is invalid. 

    * Use case ends. 

> **Use case: User requests to chain 2 commands**

Reviewer: Suggestion for generalizing this case.
```suggestion
**Use case: User requests to chain multiple commands**
```

Author: Noted changed accordingly.

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to perform 2 commands by chaining them
> 2. ContaX executes the first command, followed by the second command

Reviewer: Suggestion for generalizing to multiple commands
```suggestion
1. User requests to perform multiple commands by chaining them
2. ContaX starts from the first command
3. ContaX executes the command
4. If there is a subsequent chained command, ContaX repeats from step 3 on the next command

Use Case Ends.
```

Author: Noted and fixed accrodingly.

**Extensions**

> * 1a. The first command is invalid
>    
>     * 1a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the first command is invalid.
> 
>     * Use case ends.
> 
> * 1b. The second command is invalid
> 
>     * 1b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the second command is invalid.
> 
>     * Use case ends.

Reviewer: Suggestion for generalization.

```suggestion
* 3a. The command is invalid
   
    * 3a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the first command is invalid.

    * Use case ends.
```

Author: Fixed

    * Use case resumes at step 2.

**Use case: Edit an appointment**

**MSS**

1. User requests to list appointments
2. ContaX shows a list of appointments
3. User requests to modify a specific appointment and enters new values
4. ContaX edits the appointment.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The list is empty.

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The command given is in an invalid format

    * 3a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

    * Use case resumes at step 2.
    
* 3b. The parameter given is in an invalid format

    * 3b1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given parameter is of invalid format. 

    * Use case resumes at step 2.

**Use case: Export address book**

**MSS**

1. User requests to export address book as file for ContaX
2. ContaX saves a CSV file to the disk according to the format requested by the user

   Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. User requests to export address book as file for Google Contacts
   
  Use case resumes at step 2.
    
* 1b. User requests to export address book as file for Microsoft Outlook

  Use case resumes at step 2. 

**Use Case: Import CSV file**

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to import a CSV file
> 2. ContactX imports the given CSV file

Reviewer: Suggestion for adding an intermediate step.
```suggestion
1. User requests to import a CSV file
2. User selects the CSV file to import
3. ContactX imports the given CSV file
```

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. Invalid CSV file selected

    * 1a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the CSV file selected is invalid. 

>     * Use case ends.

Reviewer: The numbering here will be affected if the above change is adopted.

Author: Noted

**Use case: User requests to perform a batch command**

**MSS**

1. User requests to perform a batch command which includes a condition
2. ContaX executes the command based on the given condition

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. The command given is in an invalid format

    * 1a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

    * Use case ends.

* 1b. There are no entries that matches the given condition
    
    * Use case ends. 

**Use case: User requests to perform a command on a specified range**

**MSS**

1. User requests to perform a command to a specified range
2. ContaX executes the command based on the given range

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* * 1a. The command given is in an invalid format

    * 1a1. ContaX shows an error message indicating that the given command is of invalid format.

    * Use case ends.

**Use case: User requests to chain multiple commands**

**MSS**

1. User requests to perform multiple commands by chaining them
2. ContaX starts from the first command

> 3. ConaX executes the command

Reviewer: Spelling issue here.
```suggestion
3. ContaX executes the command
```
